Next, you'll tackle a common approach for
understanding how your users interact with your service over time.
Cohort analysis.
The main idea of cohort analysis is that someone who joins
Sparkify a year ago probably behaves differently than a brand new user.
So, you should analyze them in separate groups which we'll call cohorts.
For example, all the users who joined Sparkify in January 2018 will be one cohort.
We'll compare their activity to
previous cohorts like the users who joined in December 2017,
November 2017, and so on.
For each cohort, we'll calculate two metrics: the percentage
of users who upgrade to paid accounts within their first three months,
and the percentage who cancel within three months.